## GIT_TEST 
### This Is My First Git-Hub Test Repo As I Begin My Journey Into Software Engineering.
## Right-engineering
You will often be told that software engineers have a tendency to under-document, and to over-engineer; but truth be told, you also find cases where engineers have over-documented, or under-engineered, and it’s equally damaging. While a lot about it is very subjective, and there is no single right level of documentation or engineering, there are key landmarks to keep in mind.
## Right-documenting
On my first week at Apple, I was appalled when I heard: “We don’t document our applications here, it is simply part of the Apple culture”. I was very intrigued, so I asked around, It was designed to prevent people from doing too much of the documenting. Since they had noticed that over-documentation could often be in the way of flexible innovation, and that they worry so much about innovation, they were willing to have more of the downsides of under-documenting (people doing duplicate work without knowing, application running and no one knows how they work), rather then the opposite.
## Items of documentation
You will often hear it said that a developer doesn’t write code for a computer, but primarily for another developer to read it. Assume that a developer who knows nothing about the decisions you made on your project, and what you were trying to do, will take it over and need to understand it. What can you do today to help them get up to speed efficiently? Here’s the killer motivation: more often than not, that developer is actually you, months from now, after working on many other projects and forgetting all about the decisions you had made. Just like every developer, you will reach that moment where you hate your past self for not having documented better. You can consider anything that helps that future developer understand your decisions and get into your code is an item of documentation, such as:
- The most obvious: architectural documentation , documenting the most high-level choices you made. It shouldn’t necessarily contain any code, but should simply explain in the most concise and digestible way possible some of the choices that will allow to understand how the code is organized.
- **Comments** are your best way to document what the code is doing at a narrower level:
- Comments to describe your functions (even more so if your code is meant to be reused by other people): you may want to look into the syntaxes that are conventional in the language you’re using. There might be documentation generators using the comments if they’re input properly.
- Comments inside functions: they should be short and descriptive enough that when a developer browses through the code reading only those comments, they understand what each step is, and the whole sequence of what happens.
- Names of functions and variables should represent what they’re about without ambiguity. If it would be too long to explain for the size of a variable name, add a comment before the line where you created it, to explain what it is (the next developer, not understanding what it is, will naturally try to find where it was created to try to figure out where it comes from).
- Indentation  of the code must be properly achieved, so that if the comment and name functions are not explicit enough for what the developer needs to know, they can dive into the code in the most readable way possible.
- The Git commit messages , so that a developer who is trying to figure out the chronology of events will at a glance.
- Always put a README.md file in your project. It’s even more relevant as you’ll push your projects on GitHub, since that’s what GitHub displays on your project’s homepage. A README.md file is like the about page of your project, introducing newcomers to what it’s about, how to set it up, its licence information, the process people must follow to contribute to it, … To be clear: you don’t have to have a full README file for every little project you work on, but you should definitely have one for longer projects.
